---
layout: single
title: Now
author-profile: true
permalink: /now-1/
---
<!-- wp:quote -->
<blockquote class="wp-block-quote"><p>Generated on 2021/08/12. Last reviewed on 2021/08/12.</p></blockquote>
<!-- /wp:quote -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>A list of what I'm focusing on now. Inspired by <a href="https://thomasjfrank.com/now/">Thomas Frank</a> who was inspired by <a href="https://sive.rs/now">Derek Sivers</a>.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->



<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p></p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>My main priorities at the moment are:</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:list -->
<ul><li><strong>House-spousing:</strong> Supporting my wife in her work by keeping the house clean, getting meals cooked and having spare emotional and physical capacity to lend emotional or practical support as needed.</li><li><strong>Working: </strong>Keeping our budget balanced by earning supplementary income, and saving up for dedicated time off</li><li><strong>Cubing:</strong> Work towards long-term improvement in the multiple blindfolded event </li></ul>
<!-- /wp:list -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Parallel to those, I'm trying to do a bunch of things:</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:list -->
<ul><li><strong>Rebuild my body: </strong>Through regular rehab exercises and stretching, I'm trying to (a) maintain a pain-free life, and (b) start building towards more rigorous (and enjoyable) exercise routines like calisthenics and running.</li><li><strong>Figure out what to do with myself:</strong> I don't really have clear long-term career/life goals at the moment. I'd like to figure out what I want to work towards.</li><li><strong>Build a habit of thinking deeply about the world:</strong> I often pendulum between not really thinking about the problems of the world and despairing utterly. I want to find a middle where I can be consistently staying engaged with the world, and also sharpening my own ability to articulate my thoughts about the world.</li><li><strong>Learn to focus and rely less on escapism to maintain sanity:</strong> More uninterrupted focus and digital intentionalism, less Youtube, Twitch and compulsive video games</li><li><strong>Maintaining my spiritual and mental health:</strong> Keeping my anxiety under control, but also developing a daily practice that keeps me connected to God and myself</li></ul>
<!-- /wp:list -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p></p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>This is already a lot, more than I can really manage. And most notably, it brings with it profoundly disparate focus - something which I am not a fan of, and which tends to overwhelm me to the point of inaction/escapism.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Not to mention the things which aren't on this list which could/should be:</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:list -->
<ul><li>Working on my marriage</li><li>Seeing family</li><li>Connecting with friends</li><li>Finding a community</li><li>Sorting out our finances</li></ul>
<!-- /wp:list -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p></p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>So, this is very much still a work in progress. But that's ok - its a start.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->